today I am in South Orange County this
is at NIEHS skate park behind me and
it's crazy because I'm actually not here
with John but I'm here with a new friend
Bryan I'm an interviewer Sarah's an
interviewer we never get asked the
questions we're always the one asking
about what we do is kind of like
interview each other usually ask people
how'd you get this job man love getting
artists practical so that they are not
at the mercy of the Machine way I look
at it does not just to tell any story
but tell a story that you actually
intend 50% as good at running a business
as I was before as a mom and I'm
probably 50% as good at being a mom as
someone who isn't working I was kind of
the first real brand deal we were put
together you know I started at the very
very very bottom I believed in myself
and I knew that I needed to I've done
over 200 interviews it's really hard to
narrow that down but I would say my top
three would be Seth Godin he's an author
and when I'm struggling there seems to
be a Seth book that's perfect for it
Rainn Wilson actor from the office aka
Dwight and the third would be Hayley
Williams from Paramore one day guys
we're gonna get around the podcast maybe
you're a high school or a college
student and you want to interview people
for your college newspaper or maybe it's
just a simple thing for a project but
you're going to get in front of a camera
or behind a microphone and it's scary to
you so what would be a technique make it
personal when you think about being all
proper or whatever you are if you have a
script it always feels scripted or it
feels disingenuous somehow like I would
just say make it personal so like Ubu if
you're fun and bubbly or if you're calm
like I'm super mellow and a lot of
people pick up on they're like do you're
pretty mellow
like yeah like you know if Gary's a good
comparison if he's the opposite of me
like I'm okay with being mellow I would
just say be yourself and make it
personal
number two I would say to be engaged in
the conversation but at the same time be
able to have your next question in the
back of your brain so I will listen to a
person's response until I have another
question and then once I'm done thinking
of the other questions that's when I
kind of hop back into listening because
that is awkward when you're talking to
someone and then they get to the end of
their answer you're kind of just like
well you know it is natural too because
like talking to someone like Gary
he draws you in right like with that
whether it's the energy or just like the
pure gold that he's viewing at the time
yeah you're kind of like just soaking it
up and then you have to be aware that
there needs to be another question yeah
oh yeah I'm driving this interview yeah
I receive energy when it's just like
shoved in my face so all I need is a
ten-minute video
Gary like screaming at me charge I think
I learned with video interviews and more
of the documentary style things when
you're interviewing behind the camera
for documentaries you want to actually
let moments breathe more so I think the
goals that I've gotten and more
documentary projects of interviewing
people is when I let them say their
first answer but I literally count to
like four in my head and then they go
well no let me say this and that's when
you get the real goals when you're not
pressured for like a podcast or just
sound bites and you're trying to get
meaningful stuff for something like a
documentary it does help yeah hey guys
sorry to interrupt the interview tips
but I wanted to remind you that I made a
skill share class how to vlog skill
share is a online learning community
with tutorials and video photo design
business entrepreneurship anything you
can think of they probably happen
premium membership gives you unlimited
access to all of the classes and unlock
new opportunities and really turn what
you love into a job there's so much
fantastic knowledge to consume but also
apply to your life and it's very
affordable so a annual membership cost
less than $10 a month so the skill share
class that I made it's only 30 minutes
long I didn't want it to be intimidating
but it is packed full of helpful
knowledge if you don't know how to pick
up a camera but you want to make videos
so I go anywhere from what camera you
should have honestly you could just
start with your phone and I teach all
the way to editing and publishing it to
youtube Skillshare is hooking up the
peachy fam so the first 500 people that
sign up are going to get the first two
months of Skillshare for $0.99 circuit
curious check out the link in the
description below back to some interview
tips and tricks
do your research I've seen some of these
interviews go really sideways when
people don't know like what that person
has done what's your name again yeah
where do you live and I guess this sort
of dovetails back into making it
personal if you can do the research to
find out I now get us something that
someone's done in the past that really
brings their Bell instantly you have
this trust and I think Trust is so
important it allows people to open up to
you it's you know when I did that
interview with Candice it took a while
because we had never met Breyer I
basically had you know like an hour
right to break it down and usually
that's how it goes you
and you some dough it really is hey can
we have like an hour-long lunch before -
it usually doesn't happen that way yeah
so how about you what would you say I
would say if you are like me who is very
physical and the way you live your life
and talk to people learn how to chill
actually so when I talk to people I'm
very visible so my son I saw my poor
boyfriend sometimes when I get excited
their first reaction is to like go like
that yeah cuz they know I'm like so I
had to learn to stay still and to not
like aggressively nod at everything
they're saying and to also restrain your
positive like affirmations it's good to
let them know that you're here you're
like yeah yes but when you hit the edit
and you're saying yes every two seconds
you're gonna have a problem you're
saying something meaningful and I'm over
here basically going yeah yes yes yes
yeah that's distracting interview tips
Jonathan I was talking about how I'm a
very physical listener yeah absolutely
so you know he'll be telling telling me
a funny story I was walking down the
street hanging out
so this is your moment your platform to
tell the world what you've really been I
want to get through this with you I want
to I don't want to like exploit you or
expose you but I've been hurt last night
she poked me in the eye
that was investigator she literally for
no reason at all there's something on my
face and she has no hand-eye
coordination no offence and let me just
win in my eyeball yeah there's something
an inch below my chin there's no joke
she thought she was going to that's what
she was like when she laughs is the
gnarliest part when she laughs she's
like so I just wanted to take this
moment to publicly apologize to you and
honestly any of my friends out there who
have been around me and told me a funny
story anything I'm sure I'm just full-on
like who has been hospitalized all of
you out there including me rest in peace
yes so guys make sure you go check out
Bryon's link in the search below also
John because I just I hurt you with my
tip and also guys make sure to check out
the Skillshare link down below it's not
two months for $0.99 offer get there
well you can let me know if you like
this video hit that subscribe button
down below
for new videos every single week stay
peachy okay
[Music]
you